Ladies and gentlemen, friends of Tennessee, the United States Senate passed civil rights
bill this week.
The first bill, a measure of this time, and has passed the Senate of the United States
in more than 80 years.
The vote was 72 to 18.
I hope that as a result, we may be on the way toward removing this issue from the political
arena.
Because it has been very divisive of our people.
As this is being explained, the final fate of the bill is unknown.
The cost now goes to the House of Representatives, where the question will be decided as to
further and not they will accept the Senate bill.
You will hear a great deal about the so-called jury-child amendment, which our crew
offers.
It's a good amendment, fairly workable, and I hope that it is retained in the bill in
the House.
This is a right for vote bill, and as such, it will have little application to Tennessee.
Because in our state, anyone who is eligible to vote under state law, but maybe with some
few exceptions has been voting for now for many, many years.
Also this week, the Annie Trusts and Monopoly Subcommittee, of which I am chairman, began
hearings in connection with the recent steel price increase.
Senator Lyndon Johnson, the Democratic leader, says that, as far as he is concerned, we
will get up the TBA self-financing bill very soon now.
But there are many, many other things going on in Washington.
And I want to show you a film made of one of the more exciting events this week.
The contest to see which is better tasty.
The Tennessee Blue Catfish or the Colorado Mountain Count.
And now here's the film.
Last week we have had a very important contest in the nation's capital here in Washington.
The purpose of the contest was to decide once and all definitely which was the most delicious.
Tennessee Blue Cat or a Colorado Mountain Count.
On Tuesday of this week, in the Senate dining room in the nation's capital, Tennessee,
the delicious Tennessee Blue Cat from Savannah, Tennessee were served for the members of the
President and to the members of the press here in the nation's capital.
And serving the Tennessee Blue Cat was the theme of the Catfish Burby, Miss Linda Stamps,
who is on my right here, this charming young lady.
And also serving the hush puppies was Miss Patricia Eves, the lady in waiting of a
Queen Linda who is on her right.
And on Friday of this week, Senator John Carroll of Colorado brought in the Colorado Mountain
Count.
And I'm sure that everybody enjoyed them too, but not quite as much.
And now here is Senator Carroll and the votes are in yet, but I'm certain that when all
the senators have voted, that Tennessee Catfish will have won to stint down.
Well, I must say Senator Keapalver, that the Catfish will exit.
Don't question about that.
The Tennessee Blue Catfish are very good in the hush puppies too, but you didn't do proper
in this context.
You had no business bringing these beauties in.
The vote was taken on the basis of the delicacy of the Catfish, but upon the beauty of the
girls that come from Tennessee.
But notwithstanding that, the Colorado Rainbow Trout speak for themselves.
The votes are in, as a matter of fact, we're ahead.
Senator Keapalver is waiting for the absentee vote.
And I don't think it'll be too successful with that beneath.
Well, John, I think that you really, uh, we take, of course, I think the Tennessee Catfish
are the best, but we feel that we must have won the contest as well, because we did have
a Linda and Cat here.
Queen Linda Stamps from Cookville, what do you think about the contest?
How'd you get along?
Well, it's really been one point for me, everyone, the senators and everyone has been marvelous
to us all.
And although I wasn't here Friday for the trial, anything, I'm sure that the Blue Catfish
won out.
Well, that's fine.
And then, uh, had you served the hush puppies for them, how'd you get along?
What'd you think about the contest?
Well, it was just lots of fun.
And I didn't know senators were so nice that they really are.
But if I were, you'd seen the film so until next week at this time, that's all.
Goodbye.
Ladies and gentlemen, friends of Tennessee.
Tennessee has given to the nation many outstanding states from that, of course, free passengers,
Andrew Jackson, Andrew Johnson and James K. Polk.
But our end of day, Tennessee has a new president.
And this is the prettiest president that we've ever had coming to.
The bottom here is state.
On now, the right is the Judith Paul, so happens Tennessee through this weekend Washington
was elected president on girls' nation, selected from representatives of all states of the
union who sent two girls to Washington.
It's certainly good to have you, uh, President Judith, on the program that's with us today.
Thanks, Dennis.
And I know you may wonder if this is a mirrored reflection of Judith who is sitting on her right,
who is not a reflection of Judith.
This is Linda Qual, who is Judith's twin sister and she, along with Judith, was elected to
represent Tennessee and girls' nation here in Washington.
Well, Judith, how does it feel to be a president?
I think it's the highlight of my life that they will be.
And Linda, tell us about girls' nation.
What is girls' nation?
Well, as we study state government at girls' state, we study federal government at girls'
nation.
You mean that you were elected in the state of Tennessee from the girls' there to represent
Tennessee here in Washington?
That's not.
And you study state government there and you study national government.
We come as senators too.
And then, uh, when you come as senators and you had a meeting at the convention,
you send a congress out of the University of Maryland, that's the right.
Well, I wonder, the idea first comes to you to run for president girls' nation.
Well, we all felt like that.
And then, and I felt like the state said that there'd be leaders from every state and we thought
we stood as good a chance because we felt qualified without training in girls' states.
And so, we talked about it on the plane coming up and I decided to do it.
Now, what part did you run on?
I ran on the nationalist party.
And then, what was your position, Linda?
I was a federalist.
And, uh, and so that you run in a different party from your sister.
That's right.
When you come from your state, they separate the girls.
Well, I know that you were, were you her campaign manager in Tennessee?
Yes, when she went for governor, I was her campaign manager.
And you're hardly with her all the way up all the time up here.
You certainly was.
Well, there certainly is exciting.
And then, now, what have you been doing?
Have you been down to see any six people here in Washington?
That's one of the highlights of the whole week.
We've seen so many of the people that we've read about in the newspapers.
Did you see the President?
We saw the President.
That's the small one.
Good. How did you get along with him?
Oh, we did.
We're so impressed.
He was the jolly's and he came out to talk to all the girls and came down the crowd.
He had pictures made, really?
Well, I wish he had been me that well.
And then, you see in the vice president, you saw, I mean, Judith.
So, you saw the vice president, too?
Yes, we met him at his office.
Well, Judith, what is the beauty of, what you have is the presence of the girls' nation?
Yes, but I have been spent the entire day, appointing my cabinet and other house.
Oh, your point over campus?
Yes, sir.
What do you appoint an officer?
Lender is my nice little president of the Red Cross.
Oh, good to you.
I think she's under the desire of the opposition and that's because she's your twin sister.
No reason why you should have one as a member.
No.
Well, then how long will you be president, Judith?
Her first name.
I'll be president until next year when a new one is elected in the 58th year of next year.
Well, and then in the meantime, during this year, you'll make speeches over the country.
I hope so, I certainly will laugh there.
Well, I'll tell you that people down in Athens, you kind of see, are mighty, mighty proud of you.
And all they'll be watching this with a great deal of interest.
Well, you know, I ran for president in a couple of times.
I didn't have any success.
And here you came up here and got elected president of girls' nation, sponsored by the American Legion of Hillary, by the way.
It's one of the finest things that has ever been done.
And since I've been unsuccessful and you've been successful, Judith, what advice can you give me?
Maybe I'll do better next time.
To keep all right, say you need a twin like Linda.
Because that way you can say, fly as many hands.
You can do fly as much as you can.
You can get fly as many babies.
Oh, that's wonderful.
Well, I've said to do thank you very much.
I congratulate you.
We're terribly proud of you and kind of see.
And let me say that I think the American Legion of Hillary is doing a good job in sponsoring girls' nations
because if these young people interested in politics and government, we'll have a better country as well.
Thank you very much.
Ladies and gentlemen, friends and gentlemen, I want to talk with you about several things which have occurred in Congress this week of importance to Tennessee.
First of all, let me discuss with you the new action that has been taken in the Judith Air Committee on President, House, and House Civil Rights Bill.
There were several votes on this amendment and this bill this week.
The first of these amendments and the one that I will please of most importance and interest to the people in Tennessee was the so-called jury-tile amendment.
This amendment was proposed by Senator Sam Irvin of North Carolina.
He explained that it was in exactly the same language as the jury-tile provision in the North's Regardio Act.
In the North's Regardio Act, the Congress was dealing with labor laws and this bill of course, revealing the right to vote.
I voted for Senator Irvin's amendment.
In fact, I have prepared an amendment just like this and if he hadn't sponsored it, I would have.
As I've said so often, both sides in this controversy are inclined to talk in terms of slope rather than facts.
I've tried always to examine the contents of the text and to vote according.
As you know, I have been the victim of such abuse from those who have, from those who take anything,
label civil rights and blindly a poosie.
Those people had a field they attacked in the last week when I voted for Senator Irvin's amendment this week.
The opposite side, including the Attorney General, had their field they.
Well, both extremes, I think, are wrong.
This jury-tile provision is not understanding.
Well, operate just the same as the jury-tile provision in the North's Regardio Act.
It is worked there and it will work here.
It simply means that any person charged with some more contempt of court, not committed in the presence of the court, is entitled to a jury-tile.
It is never easy to try to steer a steady course in such a controversial matter, but that is what I'm trying to do and what I'll show continue to try to do.
Of course, I'm not the first man who has found this very difficult.
Abraham Lincoln had the same problem when he wrote,
if I were to try to read much less answers, all the attacks made on me,
this shock might as well be flowed for any other business.
I do the very best I know how, the very best I can,
and I mean to keep on doing so until the end.
That's what Justice Lincoln said.
Now another thing I wanted to talk with you about today is a very interesting development in the hearings that you're holding on rapid-tax hammeredization.
This chart, which we use that the hearing, shows the peculiar behavior of the Idaho Power Company stuff during a critical period.
Mr. Gordon Gray, the director of the Office of Defense Mobilization,
testified that he made up his mind to grant a rapid tax hammeredization certificate,
which was worth around $339 million to the Idaho Power Company in connection with his health's Kenyan dams on April 10th or 9th.
He told his staff about this and told four people at the White House and the representative of the Interior Department.
The company eventually picked up the rapid tax hammeredization certificate on the 17th of 18th.
The public wasn't told about it until on the 25th.
Notice how many of these big jumps on the 18th and 9th of April,
and on the 17th of April, the fourth public knew anything about the branding of the rapid tax hammeredization.
And this was only on the New York Stock Exchange.
We're checking the West Coast board to see what happened there.
That seems quite likely that someone with inside information made a big killing on the market, on the basis of the tax hammeredization certificate to the Idaho Power Company.
We intend to get to the bottom of this.
And please remember that there's more to the public target power fight than simply a point of view.
As this chart indicates, big money, very big money is involved in this fight.
And it doesn't matter of great importance to a TBA area,
to those who are interested in low cost electricity, and those who are interested in small business,
which never does get any of these tax hammeredizations, having a fair and even break.
Thank you and goodbye until next week.